I think most decisions that we make conf all into a couple of different
categories, and I believe you know, they're all really important.
But there are some that are daily decisions on you know what, um, leave
schedule. Are they going to take, or is there special liberty involved
and other decisions that could be even a little bit more critical
that have more ever lasting effects? Are, um which career path?
Um, I'm gonna go down. Or if I apply to this officer program, how is
that going to affect What are the 2nd and 3rd order effects of this?
Is it gonna take me out of running for advancement in my rate or
so forth? So there is there's important decisions with personnel, and
then there's the personal decisions off. What would happen if if this
marriage were to dissolve and were to separate, That would be a
long last thing important decision that they would have to make that
I could help walk them through. Or it could be his instances. What
are me and my shipmates gonna do tonight would be an example of a quick,
easy but still important decision